#summary UI Description tags.

= Introduction =

This document describes the UI XML description format.
AAMO deals with "Screens". Each XML file describes a "Screen", which will be displayed on demand.

= VERSION =

AAMO 0.1 / *AAMO 0.2*


= Details =

 * *ui*: Screen definition open tag. Each file must have just one.

== UI Subtags ==

 * *version*: AAMO Version
 * *uiid*: Screen identifier
 * *title*: Screen title
 * *onLoadScript*: Script to be invoked when the screen is loaded. Without  extension.
 * *onEndScript*:   Script to be invoked when the screen is being unloaded.
 * *element*: Begining of a screen element. Screen elements are the views or controls used to interact with the program.

== element subtags ==

 * *id*: Element's identifier.
 * *type*: Element's type: 1-textbox, 2-label, 3-checkbox, and 4-button.
 * *percentTop*: Top coordinate, based on physical screen's height percentage.
 * *percentLeft*: Left coordinate, based on physical screen's width percentage.
 * *percentWidth*: Element's width, based on physical screen's width percentage. 
 * *percentHeight*: Element's height, based on physical screen's width percentage. 
 * *text*: Element's text content.
 * *checked*: Checkbox state: 0-unchecked, 1-checked.
 * *onChangeScript*: Script to be invoked when the Checkbox element (type = 3) looses focus.
 * *onClickScript*: Script to be invoked when the Button element (type = 4) looses focus.

== Event script tags ==

Every event script tag, like "onLoadScript", for example, can contain Lua source code.

You can choose to inform just the name of the Lua file, or write Lua source code directly. To write Lua source code, prefix it with "lua::". For example:

`<onClickScript>lua::aamo.exitScreen()</onClickScript>`